c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\NewTry.dll.config
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\NewTry.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\NewTry.pdb
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\itextsharp.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\obj\Debug\NewTry.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\obj\Debug\NewTry.dll
c:\users\carisch\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NewTry\NewTry\obj\Debug\NewTry.pdb
